README.md, before:

# AgentStorage
The AgentStorage library helps you more easily manage data in the [server.save](https://electricimp.com/docs/api/server/save/) table.

NOTE: If you are using the AgentStorage class, it is *highly* recommended that you remove all other `server.save` and `server.load` commands from your code.

## Constructor

The class constructor creates a new AgentStorage object and loads that data currently in the `server.save` table.

```squirrel
#require "agentstorage.class.nut:1.0.0"
db <- AgentStorage();
```

## read(key)
The read method attempts to read a value from the `server.save` table. If the key exists, it's value will be returned, otherwise the read method returns 'null'.

```squirrel
local apiKey = db.read("apiKey");
if (apiKey != null) {
    webRequest(apiKey);
}
```

## write(key, data)
The write method inserts or updates data in the `server.save` table and returns the inserted/updated value.

```squirrel
http.onrequest(function(req, resp) {
    if ("apiKey" in req.query) {
        db.write("apiKey", req.query.apiKey);
    }
    resp.send(200, "OK");
});
```

## setDefault(key, data)
The setDefault method ensures the specified key exists in the `server.save` table. If the key does not yet exists, *setDefault* writes that data and returns what was written. If the key already exists, *setDefault* does not modify the `server.save` table, and returns the existing data.

```squirrel
db <- AgentStorage();

// Write 1 to timesRun if it doesn't exist yet
timesRun <- db.setDefault("timesRun", 1);

server.log("This code has run " + timesRun + " times");

db.write("timesRun", timesRun+1);
```

## exists(key)
Returns whether or not a key exists in the `server.save` table.

```squirrel
if(!(db.exists("username")) {
    throw "Missing required field 'username'";
} else {
    webRequest(username);
}
```

## remove(key)
Removes a field from the `server.save` table.

```squirrel
// Write a value
db.write("field", 123);
server.log(db.read("field"));

// Remove a value
db.remove("field");
server.log(db.read("field"));
```

## clear
The *clear* method clears the `server.save` table.

```squirrel
http.onrequest(function(req, resp) {
    local path = req.path.tolower();
    if (path == "/reset" || path == "/reset/") {
        db.clear();
    }
    resp.send(200, "OK");
});
```

## len
The *len* method returns the number of top level elements in the `server.save` table.

```squirrel
if (db.len() == 0) {
    // No data in server.save yet
    // Do something..
}
```

# License
The AgentStorage library is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

Remove now returns the deleted data

README.md, after:

# AgentStorage
The AgentStorage library helps you more easily manage data in the [server.save](https://electricimp.com/docs/api/server/save/) table.

NOTE: If you are using the AgentStorage class, it is *highly* recommended that you remove all other `server.save` and `server.load` commands from your code.

## Constructor

The class constructor creates a new AgentStorage object and loads that data currently in the `server.save` table.

```squirrel
#require "agentstorage.class.nut:1.0.0"
db <- AgentStorage();
```

## read(key)
The read method attempts to read a value from the `server.save` table. If the key exists, it's value will be returned, otherwise the read method returns `null`.

```squirrel
local apiKey = db.read("apiKey");
if (apiKey != null) {
    webRequest(apiKey);
}
```

## write(key, data)
The write method inserts or updates data in the `server.save` table and returns the inserted/updated value.

```squirrel
http.onrequest(function(req, resp) {
    if ("apiKey" in req.query) {
        db.write("apiKey", req.query.apiKey);
    }
    resp.send(200, "OK");
});
```

## setDefault(key, data)
The setDefault method ensures the specified key exists in the `server.save` table. If the key does not yet exists, *setDefault* writes that data and returns what was written. If the key already exists, *setDefault* does not modify the `server.save` table, and returns the existing data.

```squirrel
db <- AgentStorage();

// Write 1 to timesRun if it doesn't exist yet
timesRun <- db.setDefault("timesRun", 1);

server.log("This code has run " + timesRun + " times");

db.write("timesRun", timesRun+1);
```

## exists(key)
Returns whether or not a key exists in the `server.save` table.

```squirrel
if(!(db.exists("username")) {
    throw "Missing required field 'username'";
} else {
    webRequest(username);
}
```

## remove(key)
Removes a field from the `server.save` table, and returns the removed value. If the key was not found, *remove* returns `null`.

```squirrel
// Write a value
db.write("field", 123);
server.log(db.read("field"));

// Remove a value
db.remove("field");
server.log(db.read("field"));
```

## clear
The *clear* method clears the `server.save` table.

```squirrel
http.onrequest(function(req, resp) {
    local path = req.path.tolower();
    if (path == "/reset" || path == "/reset/") {
        db.clear();
    }
    resp.send(200, "OK");
});
```

## len
The *len* method returns the number of top level elements in the `server.save` table.

```squirrel
if (db.len() == 0) {
    // No data in server.save yet
    // Do something..
}
```

# License
The AgentStorage library is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).
